This text file will explain what each exercise is for my first Python project.

Excercise 1 : strings: Set three variables to the words "Good", "Day", and your name.
Combine these strings together (or concatenate them) with a space in between
each word and print out the sentence variable.

Excersie 2 : Polite program : Create a Python file that will input your first name, last name and outputs -
"It is a pleasure to meet you, [firstname] [lastname]!".

Excersise 3 : Integer and floats: Copy this code and run it in your editor:

number1 = input("Enter whole number: ")
number2 = input("Enter decimal number: ")
 
integer_number = int(number1)
float_number = float(number2)
round_number = int(round(float_number))
 
print(number1)
print(number2)
print(round_number)
Note down the output of this code. Go through and comment on the code, 
explaining what is happening at each stage (remember: don’t over-comment).

Add a third integer user input that divides the round_number and stores it in a variable called final_number, 
and print this new variable at the end of the program.

Excercise 4 : Dog information: Create a program that takes input of a dog’s name and breed, 
along with their age.

Create two variables; bark and tweet and set them to True and False respectively.

Finally, print out statements that reflect an output like the below:

My pet is called Clive. They are a Labrador and they are 3 years old.
Statement: Clive barks. True.
Statement: Clive tweets. False.

Excercise 5 : Create a new Python file and write a program that does the following:

Asks for an input from the user as a mark.
If the mark is greater than 85 print "You’ve earned a distinction!"
If the mark is between 65 and 85 print "You’ve earned a pass!
Anything else print "You have unfortunately failed…"
Build on this program by taking 3 different marks for chemistry, biology, and physics.
Output each of these marks to the user, and calculate the output based on the average of these marks.

Note: When calculating the average, remember BIDMAS and use brackets where needed.

Your output should do the following:

If the average mark is greater than 85 print -
"Based on your average mark of [average mark value], you’ve earned a distinction!"
If the average mark is between 65 and 85 print -
"Based on your average mark of [average mark value], you’ve earned a pass!"
Anything else print "Based on your average mark of [average mark value], you have unfortunately failed…"
